Clarify duration/end_date_time usage (#29790)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/calendar.markdown

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description | Example |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------|
| `start_date_time` | yes | Return active events after this time (exclusive). When not set, defaults to now. | 2019-03-10 20:00:00
| `end_date_time` | yes | Return active events before this time (exclusive). Cannot be used with `duration`. You must specify either `end_date_time` or `duration`.| 2019-03-10 23:00:00

> | `duration` | yes | Return active events from start_date_time until the specified duration. Cannot be used with `end_date_time`. You must specify either `duration` or `end_date_time`. | `days: 2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `duration` | yes | Return active events from `start_date_time` until the specified duration. Cannot be used with `end_date_time`. You must specify either `duration` or `end_date_time`. | `days: 2`
```

| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------|
| `start_date_time` | yes | Return active events after this time (exclusive). When not set, defaults to now. | 2019-03-10 20:00:00

> | `end_date_time` | yes | Return active events before this time (exclusive). Cannot be used with 'duration'. | 2019-03-10 23:00:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `end_date_time` | yes | Return active events before this time (exclusive). Cannot be used with `duration`. You must specify either `end_date_time` or `duration`.| 2019-03-10 23:00:00
```

> | `duration` | yes | Return active events from start_date_time until the specified duration. Cannot be used with 'end_date_time'. | `days: 2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `duration` | yes | Return active events from start_date_time until the specified duration. Cannot be used with `end_date_time`. You must specify either `duration` or `end_date_time`. | `days: 2`
```
